Add Acceptance Criteria requirement to triage.md for accepted issues (#9435)
cli/cli: docs/triage.md

Review and label [open issues missing either the `enhancement`, `bug`, or `docs` label](https://github.com/cli/cli/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+-label%3Abug%2Cenhancement%2Cdocs+).

> Any issue that is accepted to be done as either an `enhancement`, `bug`, or `docs` requires explicit Acceptance Criteria in a comment on the issue before it is triaged.

Reviewer: Did you mean something like this?

```suggestion
Any issue that is accepted to be done as either an `enhancement`, `bug`, or `docs` requires explicit Acceptance Criteria in a comment on the issue before `needs-triage` label is removed.
```

Author: Good suggestion
